CS 1050, Dr. Tucker 			Final Exam					FALL2012

Include imports. The Input for the program is in the file X:Summer12.dat. 
Each data line has the following form:
	name in several parts	integer    real	  integer	real,
with blanks in between the tokens. Store the data in parallel arrays --
an array of Strings for the names and two 2-dimensional arrays for 
the numbers (one for the integers and one for the reals). Assume the
arrays will hold up to 45 elements.  //string[45] names
	Use mnemonic variable names. Comments are not needed. Use
methods as indicated below -- do not use global or non-local variables 
in the methods. You may use global constants. (You may wish to 
create other methods.) Your code should do the following:
(in the order listed)

	1. 	Use a method to read and store data until end of file or 
		the arrays are filled. Also count the number of remaining 
		data lines. This method should not write.

	2. 	Use a void method to output a table containing the data. The
		output should be in the file X:Summer10.out. Include a heading
		for the table. Each row of the table should contain the name
		read the corresponding numbers (in the order read).
				(formatting the output is not necessary.)
		At the end of the table print the number of data lines
		processed and the number of remaining data lines -- include
		messages. No other output should be to this file.

	3. 	Use a method to calculate and return the real average Y of
		the first data values. This method shold not write.
		Output to the screen on one line the value of Y and a 
		message. 

	4.	Then for each second value >= Y output to the screen a line
		containing the corresponding name and the third value.

	5.	Read a name input from the keyboard and search thhe array of
		names for that name. (Use the String clas method compareto
		that returns - if the two Strings are identical.) If the 
		numbers corresponding to it. If the name is not found,
		output an appropriate message. Continue this until a name 
		with first character a '#" is read - use the String class
		method charAt(0) to return the character in position 0 of a
		String.

	6.	Use a method to find the largest of the fourth data values.
		This method should not write. Output the largest value to
		the screen -- include a message.

	7. Output a final message which includes your name. 